SPECIFICATION

GLOBAL RULES:
    1. All user text inputs, confirmations (yes/no/cancel), and usernames must be treated as case-insensitive.
    2. Any Active Directory modification cmdlet (Add-ADGroupMember, Remove-ADGroupMember) must be wrapped in
    a try/catch block to handle system errors (e.g., Access Denied) gracefully without crashing the program.
    3. The program must dynamically fetch groups from a specific, pre-defined Active Directory Organizational
    Unit (OU) path provided at the top of the script. The default path is as follow:
        "OU=User Groups,OU=Groups,OU=Camp,DC=oldcamp,DC=gothic,DC=inc"
    

    PROGRAM START (CHOOSE GROUP MENU & MAIN MENU)
        After launching the program user sees welcome message and is shown a menu with two options.
        Option 1: Choose Active Directory Group
        Option 2: Exit

        User can choose one of the options by pressing arrows ( Up and Down Arrow) and pressing enter.
        If he chooses option 2 - Exit, program closes.
        If he chooses option 1 - a list of active directory groups is presented from which he can select a group
        by moving to it with arrows and pressing enter.

        After User chose the group, a Main Menu is presented where user is presented with such options as:
        1. Add Member ( or Members)
        2. Remove Member ( or Members)
        3. Show Group Members
        4. Change Group
        5. Exit

        Besiede that, on the top of the options, right under the header of main menu, there is an info what group is
        currently picked, something like "You are currently editing 'xyz' group".
        Same as in the first menu, user can move around and select options by arrows and pressing Enter to choose
        option.
    
    PROGRAM CORE (OPTIONS BEHAVIOUR)

        OPTION 1 - ADD MEMBER:
            We start with first option - Add Member.
            After user selects the option, he is asked about the user or users he wishes to add and is given option to quit the
            'add member' operation and return to the main menu by typing 'cancel' or 'c' instead of a username.
            
            If user proceeds and provides user or users to add, 3 scenarios can happen depending on what the input is:

            1 SCENARIO: Input is empty
                If user just presses Enter without typing anything, appropiate message informing about empty input
                is shown and program loops back to the message where asks for user to add or cancel.
            
            2 SCENARIO: User typed 'cancel' or 'c'
                Program terminates add operation right away and returns to the main menu informing about cancellation
                of the 'add member' operation.

            3 SCENARIO: User provides input

                User typed something to the prompt, so we need to check if it is an AD account
                or accounts present in the AD database.

                1 FOLLOW-SCENARIO: Input is an existing AD Account
                    Provided input is being validated and proves that is AD Account existing in the AD databese.
                    After that, the program checks whether the account is not already a member of the target group.

                    If it is, then the operation is terminated and appropiate message informing about account
                    membership is communicated. Program returns to the Main Menu.

                    If it is not, then user is informed about it and asked to confirm the 'add member' operation by typing
                    'yes' or 'y' for confirmation or 'no' or 'n' for negation.

                    If user confirms operation, user is added to the target group. Appropiate message is shown.
                    If user negates operation, user is not added to the target group. Appropiate message is shown
                    and program returns to the Main Menu.

                    If user type nor [yes/y] and [no/n] or type nothing (just press enter)
                    or type anything else like 'abcd', Appropiate message is shown
                    and program returns to the Main Menu.
                
                2 FOLLOW-SCENARIO: Input is non-existent AD Account
                    Provided input is being validated and proves that IS NOT an AD Account existing in the AD databese.
                    Program terminates right away and returns to the main menu informing about failure of the
                    'add member' operation.
                
                3 FOLLOW SCENARIO:
                    User provides a string with comma separated values, like "John, Adam, Amy"

                    In that case the list is splitted by commas and trimmed of any left whitespace.
                    Now for the each element of the list are performed the Follow-Scenarios ( 1 & 2 )
                    from the '3 SCENARIO' section of the 'OPTION 1 - ADD MEMBER' Section.
                        
        OPTION 2 - REMOVE MEMBER:
            After user selects the 'Remove Member' option, he is presented with interactive menu, where he can select and
            confirm option by pressing Enter.

            REMOVE MENU:
                Consist of options that follow:
                1. Remove member
                2. Show group members
                3. Back to Main Menu
            
            (REMOVE MENU) OPTION 1 - REMOVE MEMBER
                After user selects the option, he is asked about the user or users he wishes to remove and is given option to
                quit the 'remove member' operation and return to the remove menu by typing 'cancel' or 'c' instead of a username.
                If user proceeds and provides user or users to remove, 3 scenarios can happen depending on what the input is:

                1 SCENARIO: Input is empty
                    If user just presses Enter without typing anything, appropiate message informing about empty input
                    is shown and program loops back to the message where asks for user to remove or cancel.
                
                2 SCENARIO: User typed 'cancel' or 'c'
                    Program terminates remove operation right away and returns to the remove menu informing about cancellation
                    of the 'remove member' operation.

                3 SCENARIO: User provides input

                    User typed something to the prompt, so we need to check if it is an AD account or accounts
                    present in the AD database.

                    1 FOLLOW-SCENARIO: Input is an existing AD Account
                        Provided input is being validated and proves that is AD Account existing in the AD databese.
                        After that, the program checks whether the account is already a member of the target group.

                        If it is, then user is informed about it and asked to confirm the 'remove member' operation by typing
                        'yes' or 'y' for confirmation or 'no' or 'n' for negation.
                        
                        If it is not, then the operation is terminated and appropiate message informing about account
                        membership is communicated. Program returns to the Remove Menu.

                        If user confirms operation, user is removed to the target group. Appropiate message is shown.
                        If user negates operation, user is not removed to the target group. Appropiate message is shown
                        and Program returns to the Remove Menu.

                        If user type nor [yes/y] and [no/n] or type nothing (just press enter)
                        or anything else like 'abcd', Appropiate message is shown
                        and program returns to the Remove Menu.
                    
                    2 FOLLOW-SCENARIO: Input is non-existent AD Account
                        Provided input is being validated and proves that IS NOT an AD Account existing in the AD databese.
                        Program terminates right away and returns to the remove menu informing about failure of the
                        'remove member' operation.
                    
                    3 FOLLOW SCENARIO:
                        User provides a string with comma separated values, like "John, Adam, Amy"

                        In that case the list is splitted by commas and trimmed of any left whitespace.
                        Now for the each element of the list are performed the Follow-Scenarios ( 1 & 2 )
                        from the '3 SCENARIO' section of the 'OPTION 1 - ADD MEMBER' Section.
                    
        OPTION 3 - SHOW GROUP MEMBERS:
            Simply show group members of the target group.
            If some operations were performed like adding or removing user or users,
            the shown result should reflect updated group state.

        OPTION 4 - CHANGE GROUP:
            Because we have already mechanism that allows us to choose group from the start of the program
            (CHOOSE GROUP MENU) we don't have to write another one.
            Just reuse that mechanism of choosing group from the start of the program.

        OPTION 5 - EXIT PROGRAM:
            Simply terminate the program.